[RHACS][Docs] ROX-30089: Document Operator Subscription Config for Infra Nodes (#98424)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-the-rhacs-operator-for-infrastructure-nodes.adoc

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  labels:
    operators.coreos.com/rhacs-operator.rhacs-operator: ""
  name: rhacs-operator
  namespace: rhacs-operator
spec:
  channel: stable
  config:
    nodeSelector:
      node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: "" # <1>
    tolerations:
      - effect: NoSchedule
        key: node-role.kubernetes.io/infra # <2>
        operator: Exists
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: rhacs-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----
+
--
<1> The `nodeSelector` key and value instruct the Kubernetes scheduler to place the Operator pods on nodes that have the label `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra: ""`.
<2> The `tolerations` entry allows the Operator pods to be scheduled on nodes that have a taint with the `node-role.kubernetes.io/infra` key. This is necessary as infrastructure nodes are usually provided with a taint to prevent non-infrastructure workloads from being scheduled on them.
--

. Save the YAML file and apply it by using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> When you apply the YAML file, you update the Subscription for the {product-title-short} Operator. This in turn configures where its pods can be scheduled. The `rhacs-operator` namespace is the designated location for the {product-title-short} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you apply the YAML file, you update the Subscription for the {product-title-short} Operator. This in turn configures where {product-title-short} Operator pods can be scheduled. The `rhacs-operator` namespace is the designated location for the {product-title-short} Operator.

To run {product-title-short} component pods on infrastructure nodes, you need to set the `nodeSelector` and `tolerations` fields for each component in their custom resources.
```

What I mean is, we should at least hint on the fact that this just takes care of the operator pod. More configuration is needed in the `Central` and/or `SecuredCluster` CRs to run the rest there.

> When you apply the YAML file, you update the Subscription for the {product-title-short} Operator. This in turn configures where the {product-title-short} Operator pods can be scheduled. The `rhacs-operator` namespace is the designated location for the {product-title-short} Operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you apply the YAML file, you update the subscription for the {product-title-short} Operator. This configures where the {product-title-short} Operator pods can be scheduled. The `rhacs-operator` namespace is the designated location for the {product-title-short} Operator.
```
